README.md, before:

# README for zoofytech.github.io
Website theme is based off of [moonwalk](https://github.com/abhinavs/moonwalk)  
Table of contents is based off of [jekyll-toc](https://github.com/allejo/jekyll-toc)  
**Usage:**
## Parameters

This snippet is highly customizable. Here are the available parameters to change the behavior of the snippet.

| Parameter       |  Type  | Default | Description |
| --------------- | :----: | :-----: | ----------- |
| `html`          | string | <sup>*</sup> | the HTML of compiled markdown generated by kramdown in Jekyll |
| `sanitize`      | bool   | false  | when set to true, the headers will be stripped of any HTML in the TOC |
| `class`         | string | ''     | a CSS class assigned to the TOC; concat multiple classes with '.' |
| `id`            | string | ''     | an ID to be assigned to the TOC |
| `h_min`         | int    | 1      | the minimum TOC header level to use; any heading lower than this value will be ignored |
| `h_max`         | int    | 6      | the maximum TOC header level to use; any heading greater than this value will be ignored |
| `ordered`       | bool   | false  | when set to true, an ordered list will be outputted instead of an unordered list |
| `item_class`    | string | ''     | add custom class for each list item; has support for `%level%` placeholder, which is the current heading level |
| `submenu_class` | string | ''     | add custom class(es) for each child group of headings; has support for `%level%` placeholder which is the current "submenu" heading level |
| `base_url`      | string | ''     | add a base url to the TOC links for when your TOC is on another page than the actual content |
| `anchor_class`  | string | ''     | add custom class(es) for each anchor element |
| `skip_no_ids`   | bool   | false  | skip headers that do not have an `id` attribute |

Exclude specific headings:
```
# Heading 1 <= this heading will be ignored
{:.no_toc}
```

Commit message:

feat: Fixed double curley braces and added on README

README.md, after:

# README for zoofytech.github.io
Website theme is based off of [moonwalk](https://github.com/abhinavs/moonwalk)  
Table of contents is based off of [jekyll-toc](https://github.com/allejo/jekyll-toc)  
**Usage:**
## Parameters

This snippet is highly customizable. Here are the available parameters to change the behavior of the snippet.

| Parameter       |  Type  | Default | Description |
| --------------- | :----: | :-----: | ----------- |
| `html`          | string | <sup>*</sup> | the HTML of compiled markdown generated by kramdown in Jekyll |
| `sanitize`      | bool   | false  | when set to true, the headers will be stripped of any HTML in the TOC |
| `class`         | string | ''     | a CSS class assigned to the TOC; concat multiple classes with '.' |
| `id`            | string | ''     | an ID to be assigned to the TOC |
| `h_min`         | int    | 1      | the minimum TOC header level to use; any heading lower than this value will be ignored |
| `h_max`         | int    | 6      | the maximum TOC header level to use; any heading greater than this value will be ignored |
| `ordered`       | bool   | false  | when set to true, an ordered list will be outputted instead of an unordered list |
| `item_class`    | string | ''     | add custom class for each list item; has support for `%level%` placeholder, which is the current heading level |
| `submenu_class` | string | ''     | add custom class(es) for each child group of headings; has support for `%level%` placeholder which is the current "submenu" heading level |
| `base_url`      | string | ''     | add a base url to the TOC links for when your TOC is on another page than the actual content |
| `anchor_class`  | string | ''     | add custom class(es) for each anchor element |
| `skip_no_ids`   | bool   | false  | skip headers that do not have an `id` attribute |

## Exclude specific headings:
```
# Heading 1 <= this heading will be ignored
{:.no_toc}
```

## Use double curly braces
```
{% raw %}
This is some text with {{double curly braces}} in it.
{% endraw %}
```
